They've been running for so long, do you know where he went?
Just follow me.
Please help me
I'm dead if you don't help me
Shut your mouth
I'm sick, you insist that we talk about sister in vain
Ye Song, how did you know Bai Tianyu was here?
You can't catch your mother now.
Ye Xing, what is your dog's name here?
Then Bai Tianyu is my younger brother. Is there a problem with me?
He has no problem with you.
But it's him
Xueyao and her husband's poisoning
You shouldn't be a sister
After supper, I said your dog barked and you were still excited, right?
Howling is Tianyu's brother-in-law
Xueyao is Tianyu's niece
Can they harm their own families?
This silver needle was found on Bai Tianyu
The poison on it is the same as the poison in the blood demon coffee
Isn't it just a silver needle?
Tianyu just told me that he cut it.
Yeah, I did.
Cutting coffins is not tiring enough for blood pressure
adjustment monitoring
OK